Tthrottling on Mega Tenant create user request (#14216)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/throttling.md

- Using `$select` decreases cost by 1
- Using `$expand` increases cost by 1
- Using `$top` with a value of less than 20 decreases cost by 1

> - Creating user on mega tenant increases cost by 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating a user in a mega tenant increases cost by 4
```
